General rule of thumb: 
	The scatter should be < 0.2 dex (or what the FeI lines scatter is) for most elements with a decent spectrum.
	For synth elements, if a line is not already synthesized, it was from the extra list so no need to look at them if other lines are available.
	For synth lines, it’s possible sometimes SMHR will force a fit and give an abundance when it really should be an upper limit. This is usually the case when you see a weak line giving abundances higher than other stronger lines. 
	The uncertainty band could account for this, but if the abundance is simply too high to be consistent with other lines, decide if you want to remove it.
	Usually what I do is I stare at the line and the noise level around it, see if I can convince myself that the noise alone can contribute to the fit.
	More methodologically, you can make SMHR synthesize spectra with different abundances to see how they compare with the data (I can show you how to do this)
	If the S/N is too bad, don’t worry too much about getting a good fit for synthesis.
	For the n-cap elements with synth lines, if none of the lines are strong enough for a fit, do upper limit (check the "Upper Limit Find" box and then click "Upper Limit") for those line. Typically we just need to do this for the strongest line, which gives the strongest constraint.

Element-by-element:
Li, O: don’t bother
Na: all EW lines; use the 5890 doublets generally
Mg: all EW lines 
Al: two synth lines; 3962 is next to the strong Ca II K line at ~3968; SMHR is “not aware of” that line because it’s not in the line list provided. It will try to fit the line as if the continuum is decreasing to longer wavelengths, which is actually fine since the wing of the CaII K line is smooth, but you can see this fails towards ~3964 so better to mask off the region redder than 3964. Similarly, 3943 is (not as) close to the Ca II H line at ~3933, which you can see from the continuum appearing to decrease towards the blue end. Usually it’s far enough that we don't need to mask too much. 
If you don’t get a good fit here, it’s ok. This is the blue end of the spectrum, with typically low S/N and Al needs NLTE correction anyway.
Si: Compare synth Si 3905 and the 4102 EW lines to see which one is reasonable. [Si/Fe] should be typically ~0.4 
K: don’t bother
Ca: all EW lines
Sc: uncheck the EW lines from before and use synth lines; synth Sc II 4246 tends to give inconsistent measurements compared to other lines, so it's ok to remove it if it's an outlier.
Ti I&II: all EW lines; it’s normal if [Ti II/Fe] is greater than [Ti I/Fe], most likely NLTE effect
V I&II: uncheck EW lines and use syn lines; or just ignore. The lines are usually blended and fitting can be difficult.
Cr I&II: all EW lines
Mn: uncheck EW lines and use syn lines; Three Mn lines (4031, 4032, 4033) are imported as extra, don’t bother fitting them if other lines are available. They are close enough that, if you want to fit one of them, you need to mask out the other two to prevent SMHR from fitting all three at the same time.
Co: uncheck EW lines and use syn lines; 4119 and 4121 are too close together so make sure to mask them to avoid fitting two lines at the same time
Ni: all EW lines
Cu, Zn: only one line so might as well synthesize it if measurable
Sr: all synth lines
Y: synth lines
Zr: only one line so might as well synthesize it if measurable. 
Ba: all synth lines; check if Ba 4554 and 4934 give inconsistent abundances compared to the other longer wavelengths synth lines. If overall they give reasonable std, we can keep them. (stronger lines tend to be affected by isotopic ratios; we should be safe to adopt the pure r-process ratios for this sample)
La: all synth lines; 
Eu: all synth lines; 6645 is very weak unless there’s a lot of Eu; note any star with Eu/Fe>0.3 or 0.7 
Dy: synth lines; we can try but most lines are too weak and blended for our S/N
CH, CN: synth bands; our sample is mostly not C-enhanced, so for some stars, especially the warmer ones (~>4700K), these band could be weak and SMHR may not be able to fit them.
